README.md, before:

Author: Nicholas Ficeto <br>
Title: Financial Return on Design: Interactive App <br>
Apr - May 2018

BACKGROUND
-------------
This is an interactive web app I designed while working as an intern at a large architectural firm.  Due to time constraints, it is currently in a proof-of-concept stage.

OVERVIEW
-------------
The intended users of this app are members of the firms consulting practice to demonstrate the value of their design work to real estate investors.  The first half of the app uses a financial calculator to determine the ROI percentage of the firm renovating a building, the time it would take to pay off such investment, etc.  The second half of the app dynamically renders a 3D model of the building in space using geomapping.  The user can select which floors they wish to be repositioned, which will be reflected on the map by yellow highlighting of the selected floors.  The financial calculations of the ROI will be changed to reflect these choices.

The driving principle behind this app to bridge financial technologies with interactive visualizations, such that anyone could better quanitfy the empirical value creation of the firm's design work.

Commit message:

changed location of local repository, removed all code files for privacy reasons.  keeping readme to describe app for employers

README.md, after:

Author: Nicholas Ficeto <br>
Title: Financial Return on Design: Interactive App <br>
Apr - May 2018

BACKGROUND
-------------
This is an interactive web app I designed while working as an intern at a large architectural firm.  Due to time constraints, it is currently in a proof-of-concept stage.  Contents have been removed from Github due to privacy reasons.

OVERVIEW
-------------
The intended users of this app are members of the firms consulting practice to demonstrate the value of their design work to real estate investors.  The first half of the app uses a financial calculator to determine the ROI percentage of the firm renovating a building, the time it would take to pay off such investment, etc.  The second half of the app dynamically renders a 3D model of the building in space using geomapping.  The user can select which floors they wish to be repositioned, which will be reflected on the map by yellow highlighting of the selected floors.  The financial calculations of the ROI will be changed to reflect these choices.

The driving principle behind this app to bridge financial technologies with interactive visualizations, such that anyone could better quanitfy the empirical value creation of the firm's design work.

TECHNOLOGIES
-------------
Front End: AngularJS, Vanilla JSS, HTML/CSS <br>
Back End: NodeJS

I've used Heroku to deploy a proof-of-concept version of the app.
